admin-dashboard/README.md, before:

# Society Booking Admin Dashboard

Admin dashboard for managing the Society Booking Application.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 20+ LTS
- Backend API running on port 5001

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Environment Setup

Create a `.env.local` file in the admin-dashboard directory:

```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

The default configuration connects to the backend API at `http://localhost:5001/api/v1`. Update if your backend runs on a different port.

### Running the Backend

The admin dashboard requires the backend API to be running. From the project root:

```bash
# Using Docker (recommended)
docker-compose up -d

# Or run the backend directly
cd backend
npm install
npm run dev
```

Make sure to run the seed script to create the admin user:

```bash
cd backend
npm run seed
```

### Development

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the admin dashboard.

### Login Credentials

```
Email: superadmin@societybooking.com
Password: Admin@123
Admin Code: SA001
```

## Features

- 📊 Dashboard with real-time statistics
- 👥 User management (Sevaks, Residents, Vendors)
- 📝 Booking management and assignment
- 📈 Analytics and reporting
- ⚙️ Platform settings
- 🎁 Offers and promotions
- 📢 Broadcast notifications

## Tech Stack

- **Next.js 14** - React framework
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Tailwind CSS** - Styling
- **Axios** - API client
- **Recharts** - Data visualization
- **Lucide React** - Icons

## Troubleshooting

### Login Issues

**Screen refreshes on login:**
- Check browser console (F12) for error messages
- Verify the backend API is running on port 5001
- Ensure the admin user was created via the seed script
- Check network tab for failed API requests

**"Network Error" or "Failed to fetch":**
- Make sure the backend is running: `docker-compose ps` or check `http://localhost:5001/health`
- Verify CORS is enabled in backend (should be enabled by default in development)
- Check that the API URL in `.env.local` matches your backend configuration

**Invalid credentials:**
- Ensure you're using the correct demo credentials (see Login Credentials above)
- Verify the admin user exists in the database
- Check admin code is uppercase (SA001)

### API Endpoints

All frontend API calls connect to the following backend endpoints:

- **Auth**: `POST /api/v1/auth/admin-login`
- **Dashboard**: `GET /api/v1/admin/dashboard/overview`
- **Sevaks**: `GET /api/v1/admin/sevaks`
- **Bookings**: `GET /api/v1/admin/bookings`
- **Analytics**: `GET /api/v1/admin/analytics/revenue`
- **Settings**: `GET /api/v1/admin/settings`
- **Offers**: `GET /api/v1/admin/offers`

All endpoints (except login) require authentication via JWT token in the `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header.

Commit message:

refactor: Implement react-hook-form and improve error handling
- Install and integrate react-hook-form for better form management
- Add form validation with clear error messages for each field
- Implement proper preventDefault handling through react-hook-form
- Add comprehensive error handling for different HTTP status codes
- Improve 401 error messages with specific troubleshooting steps
- Add network error detection with helpful messages
- Update README with detailed 401 error troubleshooting
- Add validation for email format, password length, and admin code

This refactoring fixes the page refresh issue by:
1. Using react-hook-form's handleSubmit which properly prevents default form submission
2. Adding noValidate to form to prevent browser validation interference
3. Implementing proper form state management with isSubmitting

The improved error handling now shows specific messages for:
- Network errors (backend not running)
- 401 errors (invalid credentials or admin not seeded)
- 404 errors (endpoint not found)
- 500 errors (server errors)

admin-dashboard/README.md, after:

# Society Booking Admin Dashboard

Admin dashboard for managing the Society Booking Application.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 20+ LTS
- Backend API running on port 5001

### Installation

```bash
npm install
```

### Environment Setup

Create a `.env.local` file in the admin-dashboard directory:

```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

The default configuration connects to the backend API at `http://localhost:5001/api/v1`. Update if your backend runs on a different port.

### Running the Backend

The admin dashboard requires the backend API to be running. From the project root:

```bash
# Using Docker (recommended)
docker-compose up -d

# Or run the backend directly
cd backend
npm install
npm run dev
```

Make sure to run the seed script to create the admin user:

```bash
cd backend
npm run seed
```

### Development

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the admin dashboard.

### Login Credentials

```
Email: superadmin@societybooking.com
Password: Admin@123
Admin Code: SA001
```

## Features

- 📊 Dashboard with real-time statistics
- 👥 User management (Sevaks, Residents, Vendors)
- 📝 Booking management and assignment
- 📈 Analytics and reporting
- ⚙️ Platform settings
- 🎁 Offers and promotions
- 📢 Broadcast notifications

## Tech Stack

- **Next.js 14** - React framework
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Tailwind CSS** - Styling
- **Axios** - API client
- **Recharts** - Data visualization
- **Lucide React** - Icons

## Troubleshooting

### Login Issues

**Screen refreshes on login:**
- Check browser console (F12) for error messages
- Verify the backend API is running on port 5001
- Ensure the admin user was created via the seed script
- Check network tab for failed API requests

**"Network Error" or "Failed to fetch":**
- Make sure the backend is running: `docker-compose ps` or check `http://localhost:5001/health`
- Verify CORS is enabled in backend (should be enabled by default in development)
- Check that the API URL in `.env.local` matches your backend configuration

**Invalid credentials (401 error):**
- **Most common cause**: Admin user not seeded in database
  - Solution: Run `cd backend && npm run seed` to create the admin user
- Ensure you're using the correct demo credentials (see Login Credentials above)
- Verify the backend is connected to MongoDB
- Check admin code is uppercase (SA001)
- If using Docker: Make sure to run seed inside the container: `docker-compose exec backend npm run seed`

### API Endpoints

All frontend API calls connect to the following backend endpoints:

- **Auth**: `POST /api/v1/auth/admin-login`
- **Dashboard**: `GET /api/v1/admin/dashboard/overview`
- **Sevaks**: `GET /api/v1/admin/sevaks`
- **Bookings**: `GET /api/v1/admin/bookings`
- **Analytics**: `GET /api/v1/admin/analytics/revenue`
- **Settings**: `GET /api/v1/admin/settings`
- **Offers**: `GET /api/v1/admin/offers`

All endpoints (except login) require authentication via JWT token in the `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header.
